{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 OUR MISSION \
\
Think about the convenience of the Uber app, the Glovo app, AirBNB, airplane booking sites or even google maps generally. They make things convenient right? Well, let\'92s try to offer something of that nature to Nigerians in relation to law. Now, we can\'92t help you book lawyers online but we can sure help you find them or know what they may charge! Cool right?\
\
Law is a very mystified field. Rarely do learned and more educated men understand the complexities involved in finding and selecting a suitable law firm. These complexities are more apparent to the less educated members of the society (Those with less access to justice). \
\
We want to demystify the legal profession to acceptable extents in such a way as to ensure the dignity of the profession is maintained and the general populace of Nigeria have a better understanding of where they can find convenient legal services to suit their needs and what to expect in terms of pricing.\
\
We offer to you three key services\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}The first if our recommendation tool which helps recommend lawyers in your exact location to you who will be able to solve your specific legal issue. There are thousands of lawyers in Nigeria and each have their area of expertise and specialisation. We try our best to match you with the closest lawyer in your location who will be able to give you what you want. Beware though, our tool only tells you where to go and what to expect. We\'92re not exactly assuring you of the quality of service delivered there. Maybe in some future update\'85.\
{\listtext	0.	}The second is our lawyer practise identification tool. Now here\'92s what you may not know. All lawyers called to the Nigerian bar have their names on the roll of legal practitioners kept at the Supreme Court of Nigeria. A copy of the said data is periodically forwarded to the Nigerian Bar Association who then makes it available publicly on their website for members of the public to confirm the year of call and call number of anyone who claims to be a legal practitioner in Nigeria. So yes, there is already a separate site where you can confirm the names of lawyers in Nigeria. So why user our tool instead? I don\'92t know, the fact that you\'92ve read up to this point means you may not have known in the first place. So I just made things easier for you. You\'92re welcome :)\
{\listtext	0.	}The third is our legal fees calculation tool. Again, this is based on public data. But if you didn\'92t know before, you\'92re welcome again ;) The legal Practitioners Remuneration Order 2023 regulates the minimum fees chargeable by lawyers (Not maximum oo) in respect of various transactions and depending on your state. Sorry Lagosians and Abuja users, you\'92re paying a lot more (It is the law!). Use this tool to know how much to expect in terms of fees payable to your lawyer. Of course you should know that we\'92re not telling you what firms will charge you as a matter of fact. Might be more, might be less. But hey, just know what to expect.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
OUR CHALLENGES \
\
There are various limitations with this project \
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	0.	}Not all lawyers in Nigeria have Nigeria have law firms. So for now we offer law firm recommendation and not lawyer recommendation \
{\listtext	0.	}Not all law firms in Nigeria have a digital presence. Some aren\'92t even captured on google maps or have websites so we might not be able to recommend all firms in your location\
{\listtext	0.	}We cannot tell you the quality of service to expect in these law firms. We can only tell you where to go and what they do.\
{\listtext	0.	}\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
HOW CAN YOU HELP US\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}ONLY THE LAWYERS CAN HELP US! We need more lawyer to put details of their firms online. They can do this by publishing their firm websites or opening social media and networking pages/accounts for their firms. The more details of law firms available online, the more firms we can suggest to you. \
}